first you pick a face you pick a car and
you hold on tight when you decide to
racing in all mochi know
a guy on a cloud whisks you from
and just when you
yeah
my rail cars
now I know guards
your power borough ancient lands cosmic
role and deserts
dodging dirty for Caterpillar
your opponents are Cosell attends
gorillas in baby man I'm a giant
taking bombs do you have what it takes
to be legit
you laugh so go and take or you
running to
and more wind on me
and that you're good at
and you're gonna need it
this castle
and Bobby
here comes here comes
Marielle cars
marry
hey guys this is trihard ninja and I
hope that I have convinced you that
Mario Kart could be very neat so if you
enjoyed the song you can help support me
and my music directly by following any
of the links in the description and
downloading it if you prefer to use
another digital music service that's not
listed in the description just search
for Mario Cart metal which is the name
of the song and whatever service you
normally use to download music and
chances are it will probably be there
Mario Kart 8 which is the newest mario
kart has been on in my living room since
I bought it a few days ago basically
non-stop the song was actually written a
long time before the game came out but I
figured if I'm going to make a video for
the song why not use the latest HD Mario
Kart footage and I truly hope you guys
enjoyed it I loved making it I am
currently a wave recording music for my
next album so plenty of songs to come in
the future if you're new to my channel
please click subscribe to be notified
when I post new videos and as always
this is trihard ninja thank you so much
for watching and I'm out